.TH KIWIX 1 "21 May 2012"
.SH NAME
kiwix\-manage \- Kiwix Library Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.IX Header SYNOPSIS
.B kiwix\-manage
.br
kiwix\-manage LIBRARY_PATH add ZIM_PATH ...
.br
	kiwix-manage LIBRARY_PATH show [CONTENTID1] [CONTENTID2] ...
.br
	kiwix\-manage LIBRARY_PATH remove CONTENTID1 [CONTENTID2]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS kiwix\-manage
.PP
\fBkiwix\-manage\fP Tool for managing a kiwix library.
.PP
Allows one to manage the content of the kiwix library. Library file is XML flat file
listing ZIM files with all necessary information like favicon, date, creator,
description, indexpath, filepath, title, source/metalink etc.
.
.PP
 Example library file can be found at http://www.kiwix.org/library\.xml
.br
.TP
\fBadd\fR
add \fBZIM_FILE\fP to \fBLIBRARY_FILE\fP.

.TP
\fBshow\fR
Show the given \fBCONTENT_ID\fP from \fBLIBRARY_FILE\fR. If no \fBCONTENT_ID\fP is given then all contents from \fBLIBRARY_FILE\fR is shown.

.TP
\fBremove\fR
Removes the given \fBCONTENT_ID\fR from \fBLIBRARY_FILE\fR. At least one \fBCONTENT_ID\fR should be specified.

.TP
\fB\-\-zimPathToSave=\fR
Change the location reference of the ZIM file in the library.

.TP
\fB\-\-current\fR
Mark this content as the current (default) content in the library.

.TP
\fB\-\-backend=xapian|clucene\fR
Selects an indexing backend.

.TP
\fB\-\-indexPath=FULLTEXT_IDX_PATH\fR
Path to full-text index for that ZIM file.

.TP
\fBurl\fR
Sets the content location of the ZIM file over the network for in\-kiwix download.

.SH SEE ALSO
kiwix(1) kiwix\-index(1) kiwix\-install(1) kiwix\-serve(1) kiwix\-compact(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Emmanuel Engelhart <kelson@kiwix.org>
.br
Vasudev Kamath <kamathvasudev@gmail.com> (Manual)